Don't say it's my money
In Your Name
It's a gift for love and harmony
I understand and I've heard it said
Recently, thieves are rampant and make trouble
If he needs anything
You as the governor of the red dust
When the right to cooperate
As long as General Ye speaks
I will definitely do my best.
At 2 pm today, I will hold a banquet at the Yinfeng Building
For General Ye to pick up the wind and clean up the dust
The four major families and celebrities from all walks of life
Will come to cheer
Miss Mu is Senior Sister of General Ye
Do you want to come together
No, I just want to live a normal life now
I don't want anyone to know who I am
Especially Qinghe
He is doing well in the Chen family now
Xiaohui is a good husband
Sun Shangxiang is a good mother-in-law
Speaking of which, he can marry into the Chen family
Find your own happiness
Thank you also for your original front bridge
I can serve Miss Mu
It's my pleasure.
Taijun Guida, please rest assured.
I have done everything as you ordered.
When the money is in place, I will transfer it to you immediately.
You have to
Good work
Hahaha hung up
Xiaohui, what did you just feed him?
I went to see Taijun Guida in the morning
Taikun Guida gave it to me with his own hands
And he also told me to make him eat it
I don't know exactly what